feat(doc) discourage the use of /bonita (#1196)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/widget-properties.md

This property controls whether the widget is hidden. Bind this property to a variable. The value of the variable determines whether or not the widget is displayed. You can use this to control conditional display, for example when a widget becomes visible when the user enters a certain value in a form.

### URL's

> When you need to use an URL to the Bonita tomcat (an API call, a link to an other page / form ...), **do not hard code the server root.**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to reference a Bonita internal URL (an API call, a link to an other page / form ...), **do not hard code the server root. (eg: `/bonita` in a Development environment)**  
```

You have the possibility to **use relative paths** in the widget properties / data.  

So, instead of writing

```
http://localhost:8080/bonita/portal/resource/app/myApp/myPage/API/[...]
```  

You can simply write

```
../API/[...]
```  

> Hard coding the server root ('_/bonita_') is a bad habit. It will work in the development environment, because the server root of the Bonita Studio tomcat is always _/bonita_, but on your production environment it is likely to change. 

Reviewer: be more explicit about BonitaCloud

> Hard coding the server root ('_/bonita_') is a bad habit. It will work in the development environment, because the server root of the Bonita Studio tomcat is always _/bonita_, but on your production environment it is likely to change. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hard coding the server root ('_/bonita_') is a bad practice. It will work in the development environment, because the server root of the Bonita Studio tomcat is always _/bonita_, but on your production environment it is likely to change. 
```

This property controls whether the widget is hidden. Bind this property to a variable. The value of the variable determines whether or not the widget is displayed. You can use this to control conditional display, for example when a widget becomes visible when the user enters a certain value in a form.

### URL's

When you need to reference a Bonita internal URL (an API call, a link to an other page / form ...), **do not hard code the webapp name. (eg: `/bonita` in a Development environment)**  
You have the possibility to **use relative paths** in the widget properties / data.  

So, instead of writing

```
http://localhost:8080/bonita/portal/resource/app/myApp/myPage/API/[...]
```  

You can simply write

```
../API/[...]
```  

> Hard coding the webapp name ('_/bonita_') is a bad practice. It will work in the development environment, because the webapp name of the Bonita Studio tomcat is always _/bonita_, but on your production environment it is likely to change.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hard coding the webapp name ('_/bonita_') is a bad practice. It will work in the development environment, because the webapp name of the Bonita Studio tomcat is always _bonita_, but on your production environment it is likely to change.  
```

> On Bonita cloud, the webapp doesn't have a name, it's just '_/_'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Bonita cloud, the webapp uses the ROOT context and doesn't have a name.
```
